User Management ( Lab users, Front desk users, Medical charting users
Patient Engagement
Appointment Scheduling
Practice Management. Add a table called mage, when mage is clicked, it opens up subtabs Hospital,Users,Subscription and  Settings. Hospital tab further opens the Tabs storage, Lab orders, Pharmacy orders and audit trails which will all open to give you the necessary information. the users Tab will open a window that shows current use, and their role, it has user ID, user name , role and actions. here a user can be added or deleleted, it should also show wherether the user is active ,suspended, deactivated or not activated.Subscription should show the payements tab and the different kind of subscriiptions. ie it shows subscription type, validity, date signed up and the option to upgrade or cancel plan. The Settingd tab opens Preferences which has options for Doctor signature upload, Auto log out time, Date format selection, theme selectionLanguage selection and the option to reset all settings, below Preferences is the Change password . Then Application Settings is the next big tab after Preferences, here we have favourite, custom codes, nitification and Branding Tab, the branding tab opens a window where the facility can brand the system in their own way, so Add a Name of the facility that will appear on all reports and also upload their logo
Bills & Receipts
Patient Portal
Reports - click on reports opens new subtab of patient and admin, admin tab has subtabs of appointment summary, appointment details, visit summary, booked appointments and patient lists, click on appointment summary or anyother subtabs takes you to a page where you click generate to generate the reports. Click on patient part of the report tab takes you to 4 subtabs, clinical details, prescription, test order, Vaccine. clicking on each of the patient tab takes you to a subpage where  you can select or search a patient name and generate to automatically generate a report with dates, doctors name and the particular details on. the report should also bearthe logo or GhEHR or a customized one for the specific clinic or practice
Email Notifications
Patient Intake Form
Lab Interface
Medical Charting User
Front Desk User
Lab User
Pharmacy User 
Audit Logs
International Medical Codes Support
SMS Notifications
EHR File & Image attachment
Document Management
Speciality Templates
Queue Management
Organization branding support
Patient Activity Tracker
Health Records Activity Tracker
Custom Roles & Privileges
E-Prescription
Appointment Reminder
Inpatient Management

